How is my granddaughter?
The patient is temporarily out of danger
Only his waist was seriously injured
Uterine injuries are more serious
It will be more difficult for him to have children in the future
You mean he will be infertile in the future?
Then it will definitely not be born
Doctor, I don't want to know if he can have children
I just want to know if he'll get better. Don't worry.
We will do our best to treat
Please be patient.
Brother, you haven't slept all night
Morning
Madam will be very distressed to see you like this
As long as he doesn't wake up
I didn't dare to close my eyes for a moment
I'm afraid I'll close my eyes
He won't wake up
The doctor has already said that he is out of danger
Don't be so nervous anymore
He was unconscious for so long
Must be scared
I imagine him seeing me the first time he opens his eyes
XinYue